hey what's up guys thought I would do a
quick unboxing of the Mortal Kombat
tournament edition this is the Xbox 360
version and I ordered this specifically
to get the tournament edition fighting
sticks I'm old-school I like to play it
in the arcade so I want to go back and
relive part of my childhood and play it
arcade style and I waited a little late
to order this it was sold out almost
everywhere but I was able to get this
from Walmart calm everybody's most hated
conglomerated store and for this we got
the Molina classic character costume
yay so we get jiggly boobs oh well so we
didn't get a cool charachter costume but
I think this will be pretty cool
nonetheless let's get this bad boy open
I went ahead and took this out of the
sheath once and took the tape off and
there it is that is our box let us see
what is inside oh we get something else
oh we get a couple things cool alright
we've got the other Mac class classic
character costume that's pretty badass
I'll take that and we get a Mortal
Kombat avatar character costume that is
pretty cool who does that look like that
kind of looks like reptile a little bit
doesn't it would be scorpion I don't
know it's kind of hard to tell no that's
scorpion that is absolutely scorpion is
yellow right I can't well yeah I can't
really tell because I got this light
here I'm pretty sure that scorpion or
you can get a teacher here you can check
that out let's see what else is in the
box
Toto's cool okay that is totally
scorpion and there's the game itself so
we have the game and what else do we
have in here
what is this oh we got okay that is your
cable for connecting this looks like it
is USB connection so that ought to be
pretty good nothing else there that's
junk
now we have some type of giant eggshell
packing thing we'll just move that out
of the way and here is whoops put the
camera here is what we're here for this
is the mortal kombat tournament edition
fighting stick I'm gonna lift this out
once you'll move that box alright so
here it is out of the box and in plain
view
pretty pretty neat it has all your
arcade style buttons that you can use
and unison together got your joystick
that thing feels really solid and tight
look at that that thing is got some
spring to it boy
yeah alright what the neat thing about
this is it's a full arcade style setup
you could actually set this thing on
your lap just lay it on its side right
here it's got a soft cushiony velvet
bottom there's a cushion to this so you
can put it on your lap that is really
nice it has a nice wood cabinet and to
get inside it right down here on the
bottom there's a little latch pull this
and it opens up and there is all the
electronic goodies in here all your
buttons your joystick and everything all
your controls you've got room to take
your cord put it inside when you're done
playing the game and also put it inside
all your avatar stuff you can put it in
there as well and close it all up for a
nice neat package for storage so that is
it guys that is pretty cool I think I'm
gonna really enjoy using this and I will
see you guys really soon with some
Mortal Kombat gameplay
thanks for watching everyone